In modern times, we've gotten used to
the images of dystopian societies in
fiction. From a world where babies are
no longer being born and children of men
to the use of humanlike artificial
intelligence as slaves in a dying world
like Bladeunner or the very bleak future
of the Matrix, where our entire reality
is a managed simulation keeping us
docile just so that our bodies can be
used for energy. There is an acceptance
of the dystopia they survive in. like
the proverbial frog sat in slowly
boiling water. And one only need to
shift their perspective slightly to
realize that the world we are currently
living in shares many characteristics of
these dystopias. Or at the very least,
there exist some extremely worrying
trends. Trends that might produce a
future where food makes you sick. Going
to the doctor can bankrupt your entire
family. Social interactions have been
reduced into likes and up votes. and you
can barely even tell if the person
responding to you is AI. We live in a
society where panels of self-appointed
quote unquote experts decide what you're
allowed to hear, think, and remember.
We're told what's real and what isn't.
And anything that doesn't fit the script
is dismissed. These things are treated
not as mysteries to be explored, but as
distractions, a punchline of a joke.
>> Don't get him too close to me, please.
It seems clear that a system has been
put in place to deceive us. And this
does not end at the limits of what you
can see in the sky. This deception
reaches down into the fundamental
building blocks of your body, what you
eat, why you get sick, and how that
disease and treatment is commodified.
It's not a wildly outlandish claim to
suggest that a blanket similar to the
one that has hidden truths about UFOs,
non-human intelligences, and physics
redefining technologies has also been
used to disguise the truth about health.
Following this trail leads through many
of the same avenues as the hidden
history of UFOs, the alliance between
secret government programs in big
business, classified breakthroughs in
science and medicine, and the code that
we have been written on our DNA having
cosmic significance. And there is a
conspiracy keeping us poisoned, low
energy, lonely, and tired, too sick to
look up and ask what we are doing here.
But is there a way out? The long road to
the dystopian health system we now live
in and how it has become enforced
started at the beginning of the 20th
century when the entire landscape was
transformed almost single-handedly and
to serve big business interests. John D.
Rockefeller already the richest man on
earth thanks to Standard Oil now Exon
Mobile had a vision to monopolize
medicine in the same way that he had
oil. Prochemicals were on the rise and
synthetic pharmaceuticals that included
products derived from oil were a way to
patent and own treatments in medicine.
It also meant stamping out competition,
most notably of natural medicine and
therapies that could eat into profits.
In 1910, with backing from Rockefeller
and fellow Titan Andrew Carnegie, the
Flexner report was released. Written by
Abraham Flexner, it condemned most of
America's medical schools, especially
those teaching anything other than
drug-based symptom focused treatment.
Over half the medical schools in the
United States shut down. The rest were
brought in line and the American Medical
Association became the enforcer. Well,
you know who set up the FDA and the AMA?
the American Medical Association and the
FDA set up by Abraham Flexner who was
working on behalf of the Rockefeller
Foundation 1908 and the Rockefellers.
And so it is fascinating because if you
also look at you know who formed kind of
the quote unquote you know everybody
talks about the deep state or whatever
but the
>> investment firm that funded the CIA
basically formed it a lot of the
personnel came out of it was called the
Brown Brothers Haramman. Same people are
on the cap table of that. Same people
were on the cap table of the Federal
Reserve in the 1913 Payne Aldrich Act.
It's the same people. This was the start
of what we now call big pharma. And the
people running this new empire made sure
that only one kind of treatment was
allowed to exist. Before this, 20 to 30%
of doctors in the United States were
osteopaths, homeopaths, people that
worked with unconventional modalities to
heal the human body. In certain cases,
these modalities were snake oil. But in
others, they worked. They just couldn't
scale. But it was never about health. It
was about big business and it was about
control. A system of sick care, not
health care. A system designed to turn
your illness into profit. I sat down
with healthcare entrepreneur and founder
of Ways to Well, my good friend Bigham
Buer to talk about the corporate capture
of the American health care system.
There's just so much corruption,
collusion in corporate capture, and it's
all real. It's all real. Like, I've
lived it. I've been behind the scenes in
the medical establishment. I've
literally played a million roles in this
space. And that's the only reason I have
the knowledge I have of like where the
traps are and where it is set up to set
people up for failure. What began as a
hostile takeover of natural and holistic
medicine by a small group of
ultra-wealthy industrialists became the
blueprint of how health could be
defined, diagnosed, and treated for the
next century. As sickness became
valuable, and the dehumanization of
medicine became a disturbing norm. The
Second World War brought with it a
wholesale reframing of the human body
itself. Humans were turned into
experiments, very valuable experiments.
In the leadup to the Second World War,
once Imperial Japan had invaded mainland
China and Korea, these occupied
territories became the field operations
of some of the darkest experiments
conducted on humans in the 20th century.
Unit 731, a secret biological and
chemical warfare research and
development program under the Imperial
Japanese Army, was established in
Manuria under the command of General
Shiro Ishi. The unit carried out
experiments that included vivisection on
live prisoners exposed to extreme
temperatures, deliberate infections of
plague, calera, and syphilis, as well as
weapons testing on live human subjects.
One particularly gruesome set of
experiments involved locking prisoners
in pressure chambers and exposing them
to extreme barometric changes to observe
how the human body would rupture or
collapse. Every grotesque detail was
carefully recorded. But perhaps the most
disturbing part of Unit 731's legacy is
that those responsible were never held
to account. General Shiro Isishi, who
oversaw the program, was noticeably
absent from the Tokyo War Crimes
Tribunal. Instead, the biological
warfare data gathered by Unit 731 was
marked as top secret and quietly handed
over to the United States, which was now
occupying Japan. In exchange for their
research, Ishi and his team were granted
full immunity. None of them were ever
tried. The research was then used to
advance American biological warfare
capabilities in the Cold War. Human
suffering had been turned into valuable,
usable data. And that same logic was
unfolding elsewhere in post-war Germany.
Morality was entirely absent in this new
era of technological advance in weapons,
space, and in medicine. A case in point
being the fact that Bayer, now one of
the largest pharmaceutical corporations
on the planet, was directly involved in
the crimes of the Third Reich. You know
what's fascinating is uh Bayer had deep
ties with uh the Third Reich.
>> I don't know if you know Bayer had deep
ties with the Nazi regime and Bayer was
a German pharmaceutical manufacturer.
There's even uh letters back and forth
between Bayer and some of the generals
of the Third Reich. And it's like uh the
experiments went great as planned.
Unfortunately, all 150 women that were
shipped to us did not make it through
phase one of the trials. we kindly
request another 150 Jewish women.
>> So crazy.
>> They were literally testing all of their
future compounds on, you know, Nazi
concentration camp uh folks. And then
there's a dark history there if you
follow Bayer Monsanto and like through
the chain of their history like in and
you say, "Oh, well that was World War
II. You know, they got they they've got
to have evolved as a company." And then
you go just back to the 80s where they
knowingly shipped a massive amount of
hemophilia medications that were
infected with HIV into third world
countries. And they have all the records
of that where they basically
inadvertently contaminated heilophia
hemophilia medications with HIV at a
time when HIV was a death sentence and
then they shipped that into third world
countries rather than destroying the
lots because they didn't want to lose
the money.
>> That's so crazy. The dystopian reality
of the modern health care system was
built on the machinery of death in the
military-industrial complex. If war
criminals could be pardoned by the US
government in exchange for their
biological warfare research, it is no
wonder that the pharmaceutical industry
has grown into a system of cruelty and
dehumanization. And in the search for
profits, they are willing to poison the
environment, our food, and our bodies
while we end up paying for the
privilege. If there is one company that
demonstrates this above all, it is
Monsanto or what used to be Monsanto
because in 2018 the infamous
agrochemical giant was acquired in a
multi-billion dollar deal by Bayer.
Truly a match made in hell. The company
that thrived under the Third Reich had
acquired the company that was one of the
main suppliers of Agent Orange, the
chemical defoliant used in Operation
Ranchhand during the Vietnam War. An era
of comparably dark military history.
That corruption continues. That like
narrative continues all the way into uh
the chemicals that Monsanto was using.
They started shipping over to like
Vietnam and third world countries that
didn't have the regulatory guidelines
and oversight and spraying crops with
all these chemicals that then started
creating birth defects. Uh and then all
the way to Roundup here in the United
States.
>> And guess who owns a Roundup now? Bayer.
And Bayer will often pay out these large
sums of money to get people to shut up.
Yep. when it's so obvious and RFK talks
about this and you talk about it as well
where you have this rise in autoimmune
cancer all these issues in 2008 when
Roundup was introduced to the broader
market and if you look at what Roundup
is it's water soluble chemical it's a
it's a agent orange water it's basically
agent orange which you know look at what
what happened in Cambodia and Vietnam
all the people who've had you know birth
defects and all sorts of issues due to
that and the rush to mass-roduce
millions of gallons of Agent Orange, a
contaminant emerged. Dioxin, a
persistent organic pollutant. It resists
breakdown, does not dissolve in water,
and accumulates in fat tissue. It causes
cancer, birth defects, and even
epigenetic mutations, meaning its
effects can be passed down through
generations. In the mid1 1980s, Monsanto
was required to pay millions in
compensation to veterans of war who had
been exposed to the highly toxic
chemical, although Vietnamese civilians
were excluded from the case. But
Monsanto continued to thrive. By the end
of the 20th century, the company had
rebranded itself as a biotech
powerhouse. It pioneered genetically
modified crops and patented seeds built
to withstand heavy use of its flagship
herbicide, Roundup. The active
ingredient in Roundup is glyphosate.
Glyphosate has been linked to cancer,
and it has seeped into the soil, the
water, and our bodies. Like dioxin, its
long-term consequences may take
generations to fully reveal themselves.
What we have managed to scrape together
about just how much the health industry
or military was involved in human
experimentation
shows us that at the end of the day, the
general public is seen as a commodity.
You only need to look at MK Ultra or the
CIA's official brainwashing program to
know how little the secretive organs of
power and control cared for people's
freedom and health, let alone their
sanity. As members of the public were
experimented on, many becoming unknowing
participants in drugfueled attempts at
mind control. Few people suspected that
active experiments with behavior control
methods went on long after the program
was supposedly shut down. In fact, as
the CIA claimed it was winding things
down in the 1960s, a new division
quietly picked up the work with better
funding, better technology, and fewer
people asking questions. This group was
not just experimenting on hippies in San
Francisco anymore. According to John
Marx in the search for the manurion
candidate, that division was the office
of research and development or OARD led
by Steven Aldrich. Their focus was not
just LSD and hypnosis. It was total
behavioral control. They implanted
electrodes in animal brains to control
movement remotely. They explored
psychoso surgery, memory eraser, and
even discussed using reptiles to deliver
chemical or biological weapons in covert
assassinations. Tests were conducted on
inmates at Holmesburg State Prison in
Philadelphia, a full decade after MK
Ultra had officially supposedly been
shut down. To support this work, members
of the OAD created the Scientific
Engineering Institute, a CIA proprietary
organization near Boston, which included
a rural lab on a several hundred acre
farm. One researcher who was questioned
about their work, remained tight-lipped,
but did concede that they had looked at
zapping parts of the brains of crows to
control their behavior. And if that was
what they admitted to, one wonders what
they preferred not to disclose. If you
want a full deep dive into this sorted
chapter of the CIA, including Project MK
Offen and all of the insanity that went
into it, head over to the American
Alchemy Substack. We are linking that in
the description. But what ties all of
this together, the human experiments,
the biological experiments, the scenes
that sound like something out of
Resident Evil, is the fact that the
CIA's Scientific Engineering Institute
was quietly transitioned into the
private sector in the late 1970s. It was
rebranded as SURL metadata, a subsidiary
of GD SURL, the pharmaceutical company
chaired by none other than Donald
Rumsfeld. And in 1985, Rumsfeld helped
orchestrate the sale of SURL to our old
friends at Monsanto. The point is that
the line between covert government
operations, human experimentation, and
big pharma is very, very blurry. The
same questions need to be asked about
the simple logistics of all of this.
Where are these experiments being done?
If some corporation or secret government
agency were hiding advanced technology,
how would they do it? It's likely that
one of the world's largest and most
secretive engineering firms would handle
it, building immense underground nuclear
weapons complexes or military bases.
Becktel would surely be read into the
needs for a secure facility for medical
experiments or perhaps even keeping
alien bodies. I was also told that
Monsanto may have historically been
involved, most likely dealing with
biological specimens. Before we jump
into today's episode of American
Alchemy, I want to thank today's
sponsor, Hexclad Cookware, aka the pans
I didn't know I needed until I ditched
the warped, flaked mess I've been
cooking with since college. But here's
what sold me. Hexclad pans are like if
stainless steel and non-stick had a love
child. And then Gordon Ramsay adopted
it. No joke, he actually uses them at
home and in his restaurants. And as we
all know, that guy doesn't suffer fools
gladly. So, he probably has equally high
standards for his cookware. First meal I
made, a seared steak and some scrambled
eggs. No sticking, no smoke alarm, no
soaking it overnight like it's some
artifact from an archaeological dig.
They're oven safe up to 500° F. They're
toxic free, and they even come somehow
with a lifetime warranty, which to me
sounds like cookware immortality. And
the knives, Japanese Damascus steel, 67
layers. It's this kind of precision that
makes you wonder if these were reverse
engineered from material found at a UFO
crash site. So, if you've got some sad
pan haunting your kitchen, replace it.
For a limited time, get 10% off my
exclusive link, hexcloud.com/jesse.
Again, that's hexcloud.com/jesse.
Please use that link. It shows a ton of
support for the channel and you get a
discount. Now, back to the episode. You
talk about corruption in the health care
system. Uh Lou Alzando, who you know
some people find controversial, uh but
is this UFO whistleblower. Uh he says
that some of the people coming after him
are involved in Monsanto and there's
this Monsanto Becktell connection from
back in the day and they were maybe
involved in the UFO alien issue as well.
So, and of course, this links back to
the UFO question and how all of this was
initially set up and institutionalized.
>> Well, and even who was there was a
documentary, I don't remember which
documentary or which person, but they
were saying some of this is stored some
of these biologics and different things
are stored at different institutions.
>> Yeah. Well,
>> in the healthc care space like in the
right I'm trying to remember the
>> what's what's interesting I mean you
have little tidbits where you have to
take some of the stuff with a grain of
salt. think probabilistically. I'm not
saying this is definitely true, but you
have these majestic 12 document leaks
from 1984 to the late 90s and basically
invol it involves this secret committee,
this like what Eisenhower was probably
calling, you know, the
military-industrial complex, but an even
more exclusive group initially led by
Vanavar Bush under Truman and Eisenhower
uh of elite military, scientific, and
political personnel governing uh the UFO
issue. One of these people on the this
committee of 12 is a guy named Detlev
Bronc. And Detlev Bronc shows up so much
in UFO lore. He's the guy supposedly
doing alien autopsies when crashes are
recovered at Aztec, maybe at Roswell.
And uh Detv Bronc uh is a president of
the Rockefeller Foundation and he is
also president of John's Hopkins. And
John's Hopkins clears I think like $8
billion a year for you know medical
research. Nobody knows you know exactly
where all that line like you know if
Doge were to audit that you might you
might come up with some interesting
interesting stuff. So what is so
dangerous about this dystopian landscape
that has been created around us? We have
become used to the routine. We have been
stuck in a loop and eventually just like
how the occasional UFO whistleblower
will come forward people who worked
inside the healthcare industry will
speak out and tell us what is really
going on. This begs the question, if we
are the frogs slowly boiling in this
system over a hundred years of being
quietly captured by it, then what kinds
of treatments have been taken off the
table? What ideas were too cheap, too
natural, or too hard to patent? Were
there remedies buried because they
threatened the system or promising
avenues that were blocked from above? I
realize that when I talk about this
topic, we run the risk of inviting a lot
of criticism. I'm not saying that there
have not been charlatans and literal
snake oil salesman selling fake hope for
profit. All I am saying is that just
like in UFO world where you have obvious
fake footage, you have institutionalized
official narratives, you have people
lying and grifting, in the health world
there's snake oil, but there's also very
likely a group of suppressed real
breakthroughs. Fringe discoveries
dismissed as quackery. And speaking of
quackery, one of the strangest but most
persistent ideas in this limbo of
dismissed medical science is the realm
of electromagnetic fields and
frequencies. Targeted bursts of energy
designed to kill microbes, stimulate
healing, or restore the body's internal
rhythms. It sounds bizarre, but some of
the most intriguing and controversial
figures of 20th century medicine were
working along these invisible lines.
Take Royal Raymond Refe, a forgotten
genius to some and a pseudocientific
footnote to others. In the 1930s, Reife
claimed to have invented a microscope so
powerful it could observe live viruses.
This was laughed off as impossible. Refe
also believed that pathogens had a
mortal oscilly rate, a specific
frequency that if broadcast into the
body could destroy the invasive virus
without harming the surrounding tissue.
like an opera singer shattering a wine
glass with her voice. He even built a
machine he claimed worked on this
principle. For a brief time in the mid
1930s, it seemed like he had discovered
something special. A clinic in
California was even reportedly treating
cancer patients with this device. It
sounded like a miracle cure and then
nothing. The AMA refused to validate the
findings. His lab was raided, colleagues
pressured, and the equipment
confiscated. By the 1940s, medical
science had forgotten this brief
experiment, and Reefe died poor and
discredited. Refe was part of a whole
wave of early 20th century inventors
exploring similar ideas. From George
Lovsky's multi-wave oscillators to Tesla
coils, violet rays, and later radionic
devices that claimed to diagnose illness
by tuning in to the body's unique
energetic signature. One of the quotes
often associated with Nicola Tesla is,
"If you want to find the secrets of the
universe, think in terms of energy,
frequency, and vibration." You can see
echoes of his work in some of this
mid-century innovation. And perhaps
hidden among the papers seized by the US
government after his death were ideas
that could have shaken the establishment
health industry, ideas that might still
be classified by the government. After
all, his Bryant Park apartment was
raided by the FBI. His files were seized
and put in a vault only to be reviewed
by MIT professor and the uncle of our
sitting president, John Trump. Trump
reviewed the Tesla files to see if they
could confer any tactical advantage to
the United States, but he wasn't
necessarily looking at the healing
benefits of the inventor's work. To this
day, many people with chronic and
autoimmune diseases swear by these
electromagnetic healing devices. In
fact, many Lyme disease patients say
that nothing helps them other than Royal
Reich's machine, the Refe machine. Ross
Dowet, an esteemed op-ed columnist at
the New York Times, actually got Lyme
disease and occasionally uses this refe
machine. Douet is the opposite of
conspiratorial. In fact, he's expressed
a lot of skepticism around mainstream
UFO narratives. Even I have a modern
derivative of the rife machine. It's
called an amp coil. Every body has an
electromagnetic frequency. That's not a
conspiracy. And electromagnetic fields
undoubtedly affect all sorts of things.
This book, The Body Electric, which
outlines what is now basically
established science, shows that the
body's bioelectric field dictates
morphology. Basically, electromagnetic
charges control cell communication and
even what limbs grow and where. You
know, if you put a a frog embryo in a
Faraday cage, it does not develop
normally. And then
>> if you can you can change um the a cell
gradient of like a a a tadpole where
you've severed the the arm of the
tadpole
>> to the cell gradients of the head cells
and you can grow, you know, a chimeriic
two-headed tadpole. Mhm.
>> And so there's something around kind of
the electromagnetic field that is
orthogonal and maybe even upstream of
DNA in terms of morphology.
>> Yeah. Cuz I've done experiments too with
uh plant growth around high powerful
Wi-Fi routers and that actually Oh yeah.
>> They don't grow right.
>> It's like pretty it's actually kind of
concerning. I think about the Wi-Fi in
my house. I'm like, "Oh man, am I like
cooking myself slowly or something?"
>> Have you heard of a guy named Luke
Montine by any chance?
>> No. He discovered the HIV genome and uh
he's this French Nobel Prize winner and
at the end of his life he was very
anti-COVID vaccine and he said that
there was like nanotech put in it. Not
saying that's true but that's that's
what he said but he was also he very
interested in this idea of like um uh
aquous nanoructures in the DNA that
transmitted information via
electromagnetism. And I wonder if we
discover something in that in that vein.
Speaking of DNA, it was just a few years
back when a group of scientists from
Japan and NASA actually confirmed
something extraordinary. They reanalyzed
fragments from three ancient meteorites
that had fallen in Canada, the US, and
Australia. And they discovered that all
of them gave off the fundamental
building blocks needed to form DNA and
RNA. This added weight to an old but
persistent theory of the beginning of
life on Earth that the spark had not
originated here but had arrived here.
This is the idea of panspermia. The idea
that life's raw ingredients may have
been seated across planets by comets,
asteroids or even purposeful design. In
fact, the idea of directed panspermia
was proposed by Francis Crick who
co-discovered DNA's double helix. Crick
believed that DNA was too complex, too
elegant, and too precise to have emerged
by accident.
>> And Crick's view was as a as a leading
scientist whose whole life was focused
on the study of DNA,
>> his life was that DNA could not have
emerged accidentally from the primeval
soup on this planet in just a 100
million years. It needed much longer
>> to He still bought into the prime. What
if DNA was not just a molecule, but a
kind of cosmic software encoded with
instructions and directed around the
galaxy with a purpose? This radical
proposal from a very important proponent
of modern western science is also echoed
in ancient cultures. The recurring motif
of two serpents twisting together in a
spiral like the cudacus, the staff of
Hermes in Greek mythology is still used
today as a symbol of medicine. It's
almost universal. You see it in Hindu
temples, Mesoamerican art, Aboriginal
myths, Sumerian glyphs, and in the
Amazon, where shamanic Iwasa rituals
often produce visions of serpents
spiraling together, reportedly the
source of life and knowledge. Snakes
that ancient traditions say came from
the sky. So, this double helix DNA might
have also come from the sky. Could it be
that this symbol, serpent spiral, life,
is more than just a metaphor? Could it
be a remnant of some deeper knowledge
encoded in myth and memory? Even
mainstream science is starting to admit
that DNA may be stranger than we
thought. About 98% of the human genome
does not code for protein. For years,
this was dismissed as junk DNA. Today,
we know it plays regulatory and
structural roles. But vast stretches of
this DNA remain a total mystery. Some
researchers have proposed that DNA with
its fractal geometry and coiled
structure acts like an antenna capable
of responding to electromagnetic
frequencies. One 2011 study even
described DNA as possessing the two key
structural characteristics of fractal
antennas. In the 1990s, Russian
scientists described something even more
bizarre. In their so-called DNA phantom
experiments, they observed that after a
DNA sample was removed from a container,
laser light continued to scatter as if
the DNA were still there for hours,
sometimes days. The DNA, it seemed, left
behind a kind of energetic residue, a
ghostly imprint in space. And then there
are the biofotons. Weak emissions of
light that living cells including DNA
constantly give off. These emissions are
so faint that they are difficult to
detect. But researchers have speculated
that they might play a role in cellular
communication or even consciousness. It
is in this liinal space between rigorous
science and visionary experience that a
new picture begins to emerge. one that
we now know so little about in terms of
our current health care system. A
picture where DNA is much more than just
a molecule. It may in fact be a method
of communication either over a million
years of time or perhaps over a million
lighty years of space. And if that is
the case and we are fundamentally
connected to this cosmic message that is
crucial for our species to hear, then we
are allowing it to be slowly cooked off
in the modern world of ultrarocessed
foods, drowning this potential signal to
a higher plane of consciousness in sugar
and oil. And while the Department of
Energy per the UFO nuclear connection
likely holds a lot of secrets when it
comes to unidentified flying objects and
their reverse engineering, they also
conducted the human genome project. So
the government agency that might have
proof that we are not alone in the
universe also might know more about the
human genome than any entity on Earth.
This should all make you wonder if
whoever is truly behind this dystopian
reality of modern health has always had
the intention of keeping most of the
species docile and disconnected from our
full human potential. But I don't want
to be a total bummer on this topic. Just
like with UFOs, I believe there is hope
that these systems can change. With the
Make America Healthy Again movement,
we've seen massive leaps of progress
that would have seemed completely
delusional just a few decades ago.
Because just like with UFOs, you do have
the agency to take steps to disentangle
yourself from the perverse healthcare
environment that we are living in.
That's exactly what Ways to Well is
fighting for a sense of human agency and
the realization that so much of the
chronic disease we live with is a direct
result of the ways we've been told to
live. I don't think we should give up
hope that we can make our lives
healthier, clean up our environment, and
prevent the diseases that plunge us into
debt, steal time from our loved ones,
and tether us to prescriptions and
treatments that ruin our bodies and
minds.
>> I swear I already feel better.
>> It's wild.
>> I'm here with now my very good friend,
Brigham Beller. Uh, I appreciate you
having me, man. We just had the best day
ever at ways to well. I feel amazing. I
did red light therapy, hyperbaric, stem
cells, which I've been wanting to try
forever and I've heard so many good
things about and for whatever reason
still has some stigma when it comes to
the FDA and I want to talk about that
with you. But um yeah, we connected
around aliens originally and UFOs cuz
that's a deep interest in yours of yours
and it's so cool to see all of this just
UFO themed, alien themed, but also
you're just helping so many people.
>> So appreciate you.
>> Yeah, I'm a huge fan of yours. It's
funny how we met because you were going
to give that lecture in town. Uh I think
the lecture was about it was about the
U. UAP phenomenon at a place here in
Austin and I saw you were in town and I
just messaged you to check in and say,
"Hey, uh, would love to connect while
you're here and and the rest is
history." It's crazy.
>> I wonder if at some point in the future
the health stuff converges with the UFO
stuff and we're able to make progress
along those two things. I mean, who
knows if we make contact with aliens. If
if an alien intelligence was, you know,
um sophisticated enough to be a
cardartesev for scale intelligence and
traverse the cosmos, you know, they
probably have all sorts of interesting
health updates and yeah, things. I have
all the alien stuff around here just
because I think it's fun and part of why
I did it was I want to make healthcare
fun and approachable and like but also
futuristic. And so like that's why I
have the the alien mural of the alien
hand and DNA to the girl and then just
just the Allen the ai
uh uh healthcare assistant.
>> At ways to well we focus on
comprehensive hormone optimization with
regular monitoring to ensure safety and
effectiveness.
>> Uh because to me it's fun and it makes
it a little more like out there and
quirky like but it's just to me I've
always been fascinated by it and I think
we don't get the answers to we don't get
answers to questions if we don't ask the
question. What does Brigham think about
aliens?
>> Brighgam doesn't know [__] about aliens,
but I've been studying his ass for
years. That loud [__] is always
ranting about corporate capture and
corruption, but has no [__] clue.
I've been right here watching him.
>> It's fascinating because there's so many
treatments that have been suppressed by
this big machine. Like everything you've
done today, literally like almost
everything you did today at Waste Well
is ignored by mainstream academia in a
way, shape or form. Uh red light
therapy. So many people go, "Well, how's
a light going to help me?" And a guy was
nominated or won a Nobel Prize, I think,
or in 1907 or something for his studies
in using light therapy to help with
recovery. And now there's studies coming
out of uh the UK that show that red
light three times a week for five
minutes can restore degenerative
eyesight because red light pierces past
the epidermis, gets to the cellular
level and refuels ATP. And ATP is the
energy source of cells. And so we live a
lifestyle so much now where we're
indoors, we're not in the sunlight. All
of us are starving for more vitamin D,
for more sunlight, for more of these
things naturally available in nature.
But there's so many aspects of health
care and and and all of that that have
been captured. And the whole principle
is they use the tool that's in their
tool belt within the insurance
framework. It's like what will insurance
cover? What is my clinician trained on?
And if insurance won't cover it, so in
order for you to get accessibility in a
generalized market, it's is my clinician
even trained on this one? And the answer
is if it's anything that's not part of
the tra traditional establishment that
goes back to these institutions and
these powerhouses that you're talking
about and none of that's in their
training design. Neither's nutrition,
right? So it's easy to to debunk what
they're saying. Like most modern-day
medical professionals have zero
nutritional training. And we know for a
fact food is medicine or food is poison.
And what you put in your body matters.
Why would we not be training our
clinicians on the importance of diet,
lifestyle, nutrition? The same reason
we're not training them on any of these
other products or alternatives that
can't be patented and monetized. That's
the thing scale.
>> I think that's the diff exactly. It's
all about can you have scaled
money-making enterprises involved in the
thing? And if it's red light therapy or
if it's something that works with the
electromagnetic field of the body or
it's a hyperbaric chamber, that's not as
good business as let's pop out a bunch
of pills and scale that worldwide. And I
even said that in front of they they had
a Senate roundt at the federal level and
uh that's when I testified with RFK in
front of the US Senate and my testimony
was focused more on the broken system
and what I talked about was Eisenhower's
speech and that's how I opened my speech
to the Senate was Eisenhower has this
legendary speech where he talks about
the military-industrial complex but
there's a second half to that speech
that nobody ever talks about. They never
mention it where he warns and gives a
warning to the American people about
what happens if we allow the corporate
capture of our scientific industrial
complex. If we allow that machine, the
scientific uh academic academic world to
be captured by these giant institutions,
we will lose the garage tinkerer, the
innovator, the creator. We will stifle
and suppress innovation in the name of
profitability. And that's what we see
like you and I were talking off air
earlier about the pharmaceutical inst in
uh organizations and how they're not
really innovating like there's not a
huge incentive to innovate. And this is
what I've been trying to explain like
between 20 2011 and 2019. Okay. There
were 356
blockbuster drugs. What are considered
blockbuster drugs?
How many of those do you think big
pharma innovated? I only know this
because we're friends, but zero.
>> Yeah, I was there's a slight They're
saying two, possibly two, but it's zero
to two for debate. For the sake of
debate, so we don't get debunked. Let's
say two. That means 354 of the 356
compounds that came out in that time
span came from us, from taxpayer
dollars. Like we funded those research.
Even the GLP1s, the weight loss drug,
GLP-1s were discovered through Gila
monsters. There was a scientist watching
Gila Monsters and he realized these
these lizards don't eat very often and
he wondered if they were hungry. And so
he began to do research to try and
uncover. And what he uncovered is they
had an increased level of this compound
in their body. And so then he thought,
could we synthesize this and use this to
suppress our appetites and let's see if
it makes mice and other things not
hungry. And so we the taxpayers funded
all of this research. Then that research
gets bundled up and and and literally
licensed off in a package deal to big
pharma. Then big pharma takes it after
acquiring it for pennies on the dollar.
Even though we the people funded this
research and provided this compound and
created the innovation. And it's usually
not till phase three that a lot of these
compounds get gobbled up from the big
pharmaceutical companies when all the
risk is really gone. The downside's
gone. And then people go, "Well, it cost
all this money to get through the FDA."
That's by design. That's also by design
because guess what? If I'm a
multibillion dollar corporation, the
best thing I can do is set massive
hurdles in the marketplace to any
disruptive innovator to be able to come
in and compete.
>> Yeah.
>> And I go back to Eisenhower's speech
where he warned us of this. And then you
go to our academia and you say, "Yeah,
but there's checks and balances because
we have all these academics, like you
were talking to Dr. White earlier." Dr.
White was talking about in his time at
Harvard having to beg to get a $50,000
grant. Well, guess where those grants
are coming from? Industry. And guess how
you get published? Industry. And guess
how you get published and get grants?
You do what industry tells you. You do
what industry asks you to do.
>> And you follow your playbook.
>> Y. And if you don't, we're going to cut
your funding.
>> And meanwhile, some of the innovation
that is going on, like I think about
stuff RFK talks about where he talks
about Fouchy, he talks about how Fouchy
had this dual role for like decades. One
was bioweaponry and it was stuff, you
know, with the DoD.
>> Yep.
>> And then one was, you know, NIH.
And in 2017, you have uh basically a
modification of SARS, you know, that
allows it, you know, with the spike
protein to bind to human ACE2 receptors
through the Ecoalth Alliance submitted
to DARPA. And DARPA, which works on the
most dangerous [__] says this is too
dangerous for us. and it gets rejected
and it gets moved into a Wuhan Institute
of Viology which has notoriously bad
into a lab specifically with bad safety
marks.
>> And you have to ask this philosophical
question of gain of function research.
This like you know idea that we have to
look around the corner for the next
pathogen before creating the cure for
it.
>> But that's all smoke screen.
>> Oh, it's a euphemism for bowarfare
because I always ask when people say
they're they're like we have to do this
research. I say when at any other point
have we ever done gain of function
research where we've come up with the
cure once we come up with the new
pathogen. Never. Now we're we're
motivated by a pandemic that's now
killed millions of people. Yeah.
>> And we can't come up with a cure for
COVID. Why would if it was just in a lab
and you had like 12 or 15 or 100
scientists that knew about it? Why would
you come up with a cure then? It's fake.
>> Sounds pretty conspiratorial.
>> Yeah. Right. Oh, it's crazy. Even what's
crazy is even Tulsi Tulsi Gabbard who's
one of our most powerful uh like people
in our nation today
>> was ringing the bell 6 months ago saying
guys
>> we have a war in Russia and Ukraine and
we literally have boweapon labs
>> in the middle of war zones.
>> Yeah.
>> What if somebody hits one of these
buildings and releases the next like a
true world ender compound into the
world? It's a dangerous game of Russian
roulette.
>> You know, the guy, speaking of co, the
guy who created uh PCR, polymerase chain
reaction,
>> is a guy named Carrie Mullis, and he had
um an alien experience. He was abducted.
>> And so I just thought that was an
interesting kind of connection between
this and he was also
>> That's wild.
>> It is wild. And we can cut
>> what's his abduction story though. I'm
curious. I don't remember the exact he
like woke up in a shed and he spoke with
a being or something and he was yeah he
was a surfer and he was very interested
I think he might have seen a UFO as well
and he was also very he was skeptical of
the HIV narrative. So you know how we're
always diving into the edge of science
and consciousness on this show.
>> Lately I've been thinking a lot about
aging not just in terms of years but in
how it actually feels in the body.
Slower recovery, lower energy, that
middle-aged fog that sneaks up on you. I
feel like I can barely go out and drink
alcohol anymore. That's why I started
using something called qualiaenolytic.
And it's been a major shift for me. Let
me explain. As we age, our bodies
accumulate what scientists call
scesscent cells, also known as zombie
cells. These are worn out cells that
stop dividing but don't die. They hang
around in your body, draining your
energy, clogging up your recovery, and
generally making you feel older than you
are. Qualiosenolytic is a
firstofits-kind supplement formulated
with nine plant-based compounds designed
to help your body naturally eliminate
these zombie cells. It's not something
you take every day, just 2 days a month,
but it supports your body in aging
better at the cellular level. Since I've
started taking it, I've felt sharper,
lighter, and like my body's resilience
has come back online. It's vegan,
non-GMO, and grounded in serious
research. Experience the science of
feeling younger. Go to
qualityife.com/jessie
for up to 50% off your purchase and use
code jessie. Again, that's js e for an
additional 15% off. That's quali a l i
f.com/jessej
ss e for an extra 15% off your purchase.
Thanks so much to Qualia for sponsoring
this episode. Brigham, how'd you get
into Aliens?
Man, I don't You know what's funny is
even as a kid, I was the kid that would
like ride my bike to the library and
literally like check out the book on
Bigfoot and all the I was always
fascinated by like the unknown, right?
And then I'm at an age now where I don't
believe in Bigfoot. I don't believe but
the one last thing I don't believe in
the Loch Ness all that, you know,
there's no evidence that is valid in any
of that. But when you look at this UAP
phenomenon in this world and then you
look at it even just scientifically and
objectively, I'm just like there's so
much overwhelming data. You and I have
talked about this a ton in private, but
like just systematically looking at all
the different whistleblowers, all of the
different data sets of photos and
captured and witnesses,
it's just such a plethora of data. And
then you look at it scientifically uh
like Mishu Kaku talks about like the the
propensity or the likelihood of life in
the universe is I mean it's
statistically probable very high
>> and then the question becomes did it
reach intelligent life and if it did
reach intelligent life then it is is it
a level one two or three society and if
it is a level two society then it would
have the ability to build in space and
time and potentially traverse like our
our universe and like are like so it
starts to get more and more probable the
more you work yourself through the
mathematic equation but then just the
excitement of it of the great unknown
and everything that's happening out
there like we don't know anything I look
at how little we even know about our own
bodies and our own health there was
something that came out the other day
saying that even at the cellular level
>> there are now they're now finding uh DNA
almost like a DNA like structure uh even
smaller than at smaller and smaller
levels of the human anatomy
>> like smaller than mitochondrial DNA.
>> Yeah. And they're finding tinier and
tinier elements. And this was just
yesterday I saw
>> and it's like
>> we really don't understand.
>> We don't understand. Well, also DNA
itself is so fascinating cuz you have
base pairs which are kind of like if you
think about binary code like or
transistors or something they're like
onoff switches. They get turned on and
off by methylation or acetilation. And
it's almost like we ourselves maybe are
like walking hard drives. Like you could
store like a book on DNA and we can get
activated by certain things and
deactivate.
>> Freaks me out cuz then you go to like
what Bob Lazar said that he was given in
that file and he doesn't know if it's
real or not. He's just saying what he
read but it talks about that we we are
containers.
>> I want to go back to the religion thing.
I want you to say it.
>> Oh, come on. That's so weird. That a
lot.
>> I'm not asking you to say what you
believe to be a fact. I'm asking you to
say what you read in a report that it's
a that is distributed at what may be the
most top secret facility in the world.
>> Okay. All right. Um
>> All right. I'll
just It's so It's so far out. It
>> All right. Your objection has been
noted.
>> Okay.
>> What does it say?
>> That we're containers. That's how that's
how supposedly the aliens look at us.
That we are nothing but containers.
>> Containers of
>> containers.
Maybe containers of souls. You can come
up with whatever theory you want. That
we're containers and that's how we're
mentioned in the documents. Um that
religion was specifically created. So we
have some rules and regulations for the
sole purpose and not damaging the
containers.
>> And people the human nature is
immediately to go containers of souls.
But my immediate human nature is
containers of information and that and
then Dr. White like what he was
explaining earlier that we we captured.
>> Well the biggest thing is that nobody
really believes that immortality is
possible right? So if you can
demonstrate it exists in nature then
there's somewhere to stop. So when we
talk about the jellyfish when we talk
about lobsters that don't age you know
they have no biological markers of
aging. They just keep getting bigger
until they die of uh you know
exhaustion. Um, but if you can
demonstrate that it exists in nature,
then all we have to do is really study
it and try to figure it out how to apply
it to humans. So that's really where I
started with the jellyfish is it exists
in nature. This isn't just we're not
trying to create time travel or anything
that breaks the laws of physics. It
exists. We just got to try to
understand. Is there anything cuz you
hear about like tieumirs in the context
of like turtles and stuff like is there
something about the jellyfish that you
know
>> they recently sequenced the genome so
we're understanding a lot more about his
biology and Aaron's able to do it
because there are species that are very
similar but are not alone. So if you can
sort of you know line them up side by
side and see what one jellyfish is doing
versus the other we might get some
insight. But fundamentally species age
differently and so we there are things
we could probably learn from them but we
may not be able to apply it directly to
humans. But what it means for me is that
the evidence is out there and in our
genome somewhere deep down historically
something existed that determine what
our lifespan is and we can probably
start tinkering with.
>> Does the DNA demethylate or
>> right well it does. So for in the case
of the the jellyfish, all of the markers
of aging in the adult are removed. So
they differentiate. They go from a
differentiated state to a differentiated
state, which is like being a baby again.
So they just go from adult to baby back
to adult again and a baby again.
>> So and we do that ourselves as well. I
always use the analogy of if you take a
40-year-old male and a 40-year-old
female,
>> the eggs that the the woman has, she was
born with, right? So they're 40 years
old. Same thing with the sperm. The
sperm stem cells are 40 years old. The
spermatids are new cuz he's making new
spermatids all the time. But those two
40-y old cells when they come together
to make a baby, they make a zeroy old
cell.
>> Mhm.
>> So those 40-y old cells somehow when
they come together in that magic of
birth,
>> it
it removes all the marks and starts from
zero again. So you have a baby that
lives 80 years has has babies of its own
that can live 80 years. So really we are
immortal. We're just passing our ability
to be immortal through the generation.
>> So the gamut
>> shed the soma.
>> Wow.
>> We shed the soma, but the gamuts are
immortal. The DNA in our bodies has been
traveling through time for millions of
years. 7 million years of human
evolution. The same DNA. It's just so
rewritten,
>> but it's the same message.
>> We just have such a myopic view of
health now. I think what you're doing is
preventative uh and it's holistic, but
you know, right now it's just like, you
know, give give somebody a chemical or
whatever. But all this
>> I think we're going to see a Cambrian
explosion of new cool ideas that are
holistic like uh working, you know, you
have now you have pulse electromagnetic
frequency therapy. Uh you know, and if
you were to say 20 years ago you're
working with the electromagnet magnetic
field of the body, the vested interests,
the institutions would have been like
you're crazy. What are you talking
about? you know, you belong in jail or
something and uh you know that or
binaural beats, you have the Monroe
Institute doing interesting stuff with
consciousness.
>> Um you know, we're start you know the
the biology of belief and placebo and
like all of that is kind of I think
>> coming back in vogue because this very
biochemical materialist reductionist
kind of modes that we've been using I
think are
>> they're being laid bare as just look at
life expectancy in the US. It's it's we
it's topping out and it's going down
now. So like empirically we need
something else. And so that's why I love
what you're doing cuz you're at the
frontier
>> and you're doing stuff that's obviously
safe but it's also just super it's too
effective.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Well, in my mind, it's like common
sense, and I and I've said this a
million times, but if we're worried
about the the escalation of our health
care costs, and it's the number one
reason for bankruptcy in the country,
it's the number one state budgetary
item. It's, I think, number one or two
budgetary concern for the federal
government, and it's growing every year.
And we talk about the boom in chronic
disease. 1.7 million Americans are dying
a year of chronic disease. More than
every war we've ever fought. More than
every war we've ever fought is dying
every year right here silently. And
nobody's talking about it. And here's
the wildest part. Most of those diseases
are preventable. Almost all of these
chronic diseases that are killing us are
preventable. So why aren't we preventing
them? Because to prevent them, we have
to blow up the system. Because the
entire system is not built, the
framework is not built to get proactive,
predictive, and preventative. It is
built to monetize chronic disease. It's
just the system we're in. You're sick. I
treat the symptom. I give you a pill. I
push you out the door. I have six
minutes with you on average in this
country as a clinician. Six minutes to
go through prior history to assess
anything we're doing to like do a deep
dive into what you can't do anything in
minutes. And think about we have this AI
renaissance going on right now. We're
talking about, you know, chat GPT
reasoning and how impressive that is.
And it's crazy. All the health data
exists in these ridiculous silos and the
stuff that is centralized is probably a
little dystopian. So it's like what do
you do? And I hope maybe you do
something along those lines because if
you do have a lot of data along a lot of
these different biomarkers, a lot of
which aren't even tested for because
they're not seen as important or
predictive, which is insane because the
more data you have, obviously the more
predictive something's going to be.
That's how chat GBT or LLM work in
general.
>> Um
>> my buddy Callie said it. He said, uh, if
you have a fish tank and all the fish
are getting sick, you don't blame the
fish, you drain the tank. Like if all
the fish are getting sick and there's
something in the tank causing the
sickness, you drain the tank and you
assess the problem and the problem the
problem is environmental and and for us
if there is a chronic disease crisis
perpetuating this country growing
astronomically at a breakneck speed.
What they're trying to do is blame the
American people and go all of a sudden
the average American didn't get fatter
or lazier than the average Italian,
right? And the average Italian is is
drinking wine and living that lifestyle
and they're living longer than us and
they're having less chronic disease than
us. It's because their food in their
environment isn't built like the
American food and environment.
>> Do you think sometimes cuz I look at
those blue zones, right? Like you have
like Sardinia and you know certain
places in Japan, you have Okinawa, you
know, and these people live till till
over 100 and the diets don't they're off
they're clean and they're natural and so
that's a huge you know they're not
having tons of glyphosate, right? like
that doesn't work, you know, that
doesn't work. But the diets don't
actually correlate that much. Often it's
like this sense of group usefulness and
community and that's like this really
really big thing and then being in touch
with nature and and family and all of
that. So do you think how do how do you
>> I think I think I absolutely think
that's spot on and there's even data
behind that like it's I can't remember
what it's like broken heart syndrome but
once one partner passes like partners
who have been together forever I think
it's like within 18 months is the the
statistical probability that the other
partner will pass like and so we are
interconnected in community or u what is
it Victor Frankle's a man's search for
meaning like he survived that
concentration camp and he looked at
stronger
>> like bigger, stronger men that died. And
he asked himself the question like why?
Why did I make it and they didn't? And
it's cuz he had a purpose. He had a
meaning. He had a cause. He had a reason
to get up every day and fight for life
rather than surrender to death.
>> And I think like family, friends,
community, being in good like spiritual
and mental health, like having the the
ability to like build trust in like
community is huge. M
>> it's a huge part like our mental health
>> like it I think it was uh Dr. Palmer who
said this in front of the Senate. He's a
another uh shoot I don't want to but I
think Dr. Palmer's a Harvard guy as well
but he he he's brilliant guy and he was
talking about how we have a physical
health a mental health crisis
perpetuated as a physical health crisis.
Yeah.
>> Right. It is intertwined. Our physical
health is wrecked but so is our mental
health like deaths of despair. right now
in America are at an all-time high.
>> Greater than that of the Great
Depression.
>> Y
>> more people are dying of deaths of
despair right now than during the Great
Depression.
>> It's crazy. Well, the Western world
seems like it's sort of dying like
slowly or something like like you look
at Japan and the fertility rates there
and then here, you know, in the US
they're like barely like at replacement
rate. And you know, even the word
loneliness is a V is actually a product
of the Victorian era. It was used to be
oneless and it wasn't even like a
concept before that. And in in the UK
they have a you know a minister of
loneliness or whatever. That's wild
because like we live in this
increasingly atomized fragmented
society. Obviously social media doesn't
help that at all.
>> I was going to say even our touch points
though are unrealistic,
>> right? Because like as you have like
social media grows, you may you may know
a 100,000 people but how many of those
people do you really know? I always ask
myself like when I'm stressed or I'm
beat down trying to run this these
companies and you're under you feel like
the walls are closing in, you're dealing
with all these things
>> and somebody says something that hurts
your feelings. I try to think to myself
>> if they're not going to be at the front
row of my funeral.
>> Yeah.
>> Why am I worried about it?
>> Like you only cuz it's so easy and it's
easy to do that with social media.
People are so malicious and mean and
like just cruel over these media
platforms and it's easy to let that
weigh on you. But the same question. Is
this person going to be in the front row
of my funeral? If not, then [__] them.
Like, who cares? Like, it's cuz anyone
can be, you know, mean and malicious
over a keyboard, but in person. I find
people are much more empathetic.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's this weird buffer.
>> It's not that I think people are evil. I
feel like these tools have given us a
false sense of reality and you don't
understand the pain and suffering that
you cause other people.
>> Totally. It makes total sense. And I
think simultaneously, you know, social
media is this like annoying surveillance
mechanism. You know, it's also, you
know, causes all sorts of social
distress because you're, you know, if
you comparison is the thief of all joy,
like you're comparing yourself to you're
in like a hall of mirrors like of
infinite like people to compare yourself
to somebody's always better looking or
more accomplished or whatever. And then
simultaneous to that, I think it's it's
causing people to wake up. And you know,
they say we're in the age of Aquarius. I
don't know if I believe in astrology but
it is like think about people's
worldview today and probably how much
your work at ways to well resonates with
people today versus maybe 5 10 years ago
where like maybe society wasn't ready
and this it was like very you know and
you you had some issues right with with
peptides and stuff you had you have a
peptide pharmacy and stuff.
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, we have a we have a
compounding pharmacy that compounds
peptides, but as things have grown, you
know, we've the biggest challenge we
face is fighting the federal government
and the broken establishment.
>> And the FDA is so corporately captured.
And I'm I'm optimistic that all that's
going to change. RFK and Dr. McCari,
who's now the head of the FDA, is just
an unbelievable human who truly cares
about people and is an advocate for
people and is coming from outside the
system. And so it's exciting like to see
somebody coming from outside that system
with the hope and the goal of truly
driving change versus what historically
has been there is 10 out of the last 11
heads of the FDA have gone to work for
big pharma crazy I would rather you know
>> I don't agree with Trump on everything.
I don't agree with RFK on everything,
but I'd rather somebody who's not a
career politician and maybe even in
Trump's case, a little narcissistic or
whatever, come come in there like a
bulldozer and get rid of this stuff. In
RFK's case, he could be hanging out at
Martha's Vineyard right now. Yeah. Yeah.
And instead he was cleaning up the
Hudson, you know, river. And then he got
into the he was he was so ahead of the
curve on the health stuff and it was so
unpopular when he he uh you know, went
after when he wrote his book on Fouchy.
>> Fouchy was the darling child.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, no people forget now they
think he's evil because it's obvious he
did some really messed up [__] But at
the time they didn't realize he was, you
know,
>> so it's it's it feels vindicating and
and this beautiful tide shift. But when
it comes to these deeper questions, you
need to wade through misinformation to
get to the truth. If you're like
concealing yourself off the bat from
misinformation, you're not going to get
anything right. So, I love what Rogan
does where like he'll have
>> he'll just have a conversation with
people like a normal person and he'll
have both sides on and he'll it'll be
this dialectic sort of thing and he'll
you'll come out the other end way better
educated and as much of an expert on
anybody on these kind of onlogically
deep truths which an expert
>> you see Graham and and Flint Dibble.
>> Yeah. Perfect example.
>> Yeah. And Flint is academia and Flint is
an archaeologist and Flint is trying to
debunk. And like then what we saw
through an open dialogue debate is Flint
was misrepresenting facts. Flint was
overwhelmingly misrepresenting so many
facts and he got exposed for that. Yeah.
>> And Graham was the voice of reason in
that situation.
>> He even brought up a slide where he got
the number of shipwrecks like entirely
wrong or something. And I think a that's
also analogous to the stuff you're
facing too because like there are people
who feel called to a thing because of
experiences in their life. You had an
experience with your brother.
>> Uh you yourself were in pharmaceutical
sales, medical device sales and you were
like [__] this. This is so corrupt.
>> Yeah.
>> And then now what you're doing is way
more ideological and it's way more
you're like tethered to something
higher. It's not like you're like this
money grubbing like local meeting today.
Yeah, I was just talking to these new
pharmacists and I was telling them like
this is if you make your
>> beacon your your your northstar money.
>> Yeah, maybe you'll find money, but what
to but at what cost?
>> Right.
>> If we make our northern star people and
helping people and driving change,
nobody can stop us.
>> Yeah.
>> Nobody can stop us.
>> And my gut says we can make a lot of
money doing that. like we've done really
well and it's all it's been is making
our northern star like driving true
change and helping people and every time
you have a crossroads and you can choose
profits over people. If you choose
people
I think I can't help but think you're
going to win and if you don't and you
fail at least I can lay my head on my
pillow at night and go I did the best I
could and I didn't sell out. I didn't
become what I started out fighting
against. Yeah,
>> because I see what happens when you go
down that path
>> and we've seen it. Oh, we're living it.
We're living it right now. We've lived
it for the last [__] hundred years,
man.
>> Well, that's what it's a fight against,
I think, at its core. Whether it's the
UFO thing or the health stuff, it's
people who are like, "This is the
truth." Like, we have to fight for the
truth. And then the people on the other
side are like, well, my local incentive
says I have to cover a thing up and I
have to make this expedient alliance
here and I have to if you're Fouchy and
you're testifying before Congress, you
change the definition of gain of
function before you get questioned by
Rand Paul. So you say it's not gain of
function over and over again ad nauseium
>> just condescendingly lying and insulting
the intelligence of the American people.
Yeah. In a I think criminal way. You're
saying that that's not gain of function
research
>> according to the framework and
guidelines.
>> So what you're doing is defining away
gain of function. You're simply saying
it doesn't exist because you changed the
definition on the NIH website. This is
terrible and you're you're completely
trying to escape the idea that we should
do something about trying to prevent a
pandemic from leaking from a lab.
>> We even see it in in just this in
another micro viewpoint of that same
thing. testifying in front of the Senate
here in Texas, testifying about removing
soft drinks and these like candidly
toxic foods from our governmental payer
programs that provide these to
poverty-stricken families. My whole
thing was food today should not kill the
family tomorrow. That's not nutrition.
Like, we have to provide nutritional
alternatives to our most uh like
underprivileged communities that are in
dire need of help. And instead, you guys
are pushing nothing but a bunch of
sugar- loaded, ultrarocessed foods onto
these individuals. And the American
Heart Association, this is the world we
live in now, the American Heart
Association showed up to testify against
us at the original one. Okay? And then
because of the ability to spread the
word, Joe Rogan and Bert Chryser talked
about it on Rogan's podcast. Cali means
tweeted about it. It went viral. Guess
who didn't show up to yes to to
yesterday's testimony? Who? The American
Heart Association. Oh my god. And even
even uh one of the uh congressw women uh
chair uh chair Hull was like, "Look
who's not here today. Somebody wasn't
here today." Did anyone else notice that
the American Heart Association did not
show up today?
>> Because it's easy to do dark deeds when
you can do them in the dark, hidden from
the eye of public scrutiny.
>> Yeah.
>> But in this world,
>> Yeah. with open like conversation and
free form like we we are the media now.
What like Elon is saying is true between
X and YouTube and podcast.
>> You cannot no longer hide in the shadows
and push these insidious agendas. And
then if you look at why would the
American Heart Association be against
removing soft drinks, it's because their
funding comes from these institutions,
from PepsiCo and CocaCola and all of
that. And so it all goes back to
dollars, not truth. They have lost their
way. They've lost their way. I don't
give a [__] if the American Heart
Association listens to this. You are
criminals, man. You've They've lost
their way. They've sold out. And it
isn't about helping people. It is about
keeping their [__] organization
alive and moving things forward. And
this is where we're going to expose
these people. When people go down that
path, this is the world we're in now
where there's a free media that allows
us to expose it.
>> And I think we're going to see a
restoration of common sense with that.
Like again, Trump for all his issues or
whatever. There's a there's a there was
a leaked call between him and RFK. And
he's talking on the phone with RFK and
he says, "These babies, they're getting
like 50 vaccines right when they're
born. They're growing all weird and
deformed and you know and it sounds like
if you were to write this out in a
transcript like goooo gaga like
8-year-old like ridiculous talking
>> when you when you feed a baby Robbie uh
a vaccination and it's like 38 different
vaccines and it looks like it's meant
for a horse not a you know 10 pound or
20 pound baby. It looks like you're
giving you should be giving a horse this
and do you ever see the size of it?
right? You know, it's just massive and
then you see the baby all of a sudden
starting to change radically. I've seen
it too many times and then you hear that
it doesn't have an impact, right?
>> But if you think about just think about
it as a human being for a second,
vaccinating, you know, giving 50
vaccines to a baby that feels a little
excessive and there maybe there should
be some efficient frontier of like yeah,
some vaccines are good for sure. Like
it's good that we science is good, you
know, but like maybe we should be a
little more
>> distributed. We see the autism rate that
came out yesterday. The newest autism
rate,
>> isn't it? One in 500 kids or something
like that.
>> What was 1 in 12.5 kids in the state of
California?
>> Jesus Christ.
>> The newest autism rate. One in 12.5.
What's California doing so much
different than the rest of the country?
I ask you.
>> I don't know.
>> Oh, interesting. Interesting.
>> Like, you know what I'm saying? With
like it's just like this is it. to a
point where you look, I'm not here to
say correlation is causation, but
correlation is at minimal worth
investigation, right? And to say that
we're not going to look at these things
and to have fought it for this long,
it'll be interesting to see what comes
out. Like I I'm nobody's ever really
looked. They haven't been looking. And
now what do we find when we look? That's
the question.
>> Yeah. And it's I hope people can just
learn to think for themselves with these
things where it's like and be empowered
to do that like with the COVID thing.
>> I remember getting I hadn't gotten
vaccinated and I got CO and I I would I
was considering getting vaccinated
before I got CO but then I got COVID and
I had antibodies. I had TE-C cell
response. I had hemoglobin. I had all
the immune factors and I have all these
people around me, my family included, my
liberal LA family, being like, you need
to get vaccinated. And I'm thinking in
my head,
>> you just want to like load me up with
spike protein. Like like I was trying to
describe to them, I was like, what about
what I have now confers any less
immunity?
>> Did you even see there it went viral
that leaked video of Fouchy talking
about the flu shot
>> in the '9s? If you love you, get the
flu.
>> Get the flu shot. If you've had the flu,
you have the best form of immunity,
natural immunity.
>> And then with this, it's like, oh,
you're going to you're going to be a
mass spreader of CO. It's just all
crazy. And this is where people have
begun to not trust the establishment.
And then the establishment says, trust
the science. Trust us.
>> It's only science if you tell us the
truth. It's only science if you if you
let science speak for itself. Yeah.
>> If you skew the data and skew the facts,
right, there's liars. There's damn liars
and then there's statistics.
>> Yeah,
>> right. That was what Mark Twain said.
And it's like
>> if we're going to skew the statistics in
favor or eliminate or hide data, that's
not science.
>> The CDC didn't come out with any of the
all the adverse reaction data was
hidden. There was no there weren't
collecting any data along those lines.
And then you have these hero these
heroes like you know Peter McCulla and
Robert Malone all of a sudden saying oh
if you're like you know I was I think 28
29 at the time and it's like if you're
between 18 and 29 high testosterone you
are in the sweet spot of myoc
myocarditis and so all of a sudden my
risk factor as somebody who's gotten you
know COVID already definitely goes up.
It's not it's not you know it's not 0%.
Yeah. and uh and nobody's talking about
that and uh and so you have to just you
know I do think it's this beautiful
thing where information is being
disintermediated through these
courageous people and hopefully people
can just think reasonably for themselves
>> or even when you go to food and the
argument about food dyes and we were
arguing about the dyes and what people
don't understand is those dyes are
tested at the dosage level of an adult
at a weight of a of an adult okay and at
a specific amount which is the serving
size administered on the label. Okay.
Well, if I'm a three year, four-year-old
child, do I eat the dosage? Do I eat
like the serving size of a cup or am I
eating a bowl? Okay. Well, now you're
eating double that die level in just
that one meal and that's just your
cereal. But they didn't check the die in
the drink that you're drinking. And then
they didn't check the die in the next
meal you eat. And then there is a slow
attrition where you're gaining more and
more of these the bioavailability of all
of these compounds through your diet
over time, right? And so it this is what
we were trying to argue is you're
building up all of this stuff in a
patient population that was never a
patient population that you would have
ever looked at. And uh I I think it was
somebody just said that like do we need
a double placeboc control trial to to to
decide that it's healthy to jump out of
an airplane with a parachute versus
without?
>> Yeah.
>> Or do we just take
>> the knowledge that life has given us to
say it's probably not a good idea to
jump out of the [__] plane without a
parachute? Well, that's that's why I
look at like I
>> think it was Gary that said that
>> the glyphosate thing. I'm like if if
this is really water soluble, you know,
Agent Orange, you have all these
environmental toxins for sure now that
didn't exist prior and that we've never
really thought of in a critical way that
seep into your body and Yeah. So, you're
doing the Lord's work by getting this
out of all these people. How
>> to me it's fun though like all this
stuff like finding like solving puzzles.
It's a puzzle. All this is a puzzle.
Like it's fun. Like it like I think
there's solutions to all these problems.
It's just looking with a new approach
and saying the solution isn't wait for
people to get chronically ill. It's not
waiting for the car to blow up. Like we
don't have to let the car blow. We can
change the oil. We can rotate the tires.
We can maintain the car to avoid the
cataclysmic event that causes this
catastrophe. We can avoid the
catastrophe. Why are we waiting and
catastrophizing?
>> We shouldn't. We should get proactive,
predictive, and preventative. And with
large language models, with the ability
to capture large data sets, with the
ability to provide patients a life raft
from the broken system and allow them to
have solventry and autonomy over their
health, the average American is not fat
and lazy. That's the lie we've been
told. The average American is in an
environment that is perpetuating chronic
disease, that is perpetuating obesity,
that is perpetuating metabolic disease
and diabetes, which is then leading to
all of these issues that are killing so
many of us, and we can prevent all of
them.
>> What do you think happens with the alien
puzzle in the next five or 10 years?
>> Oh man, I'm excited, man. You and I have
talked in depth about this. Like, is
this it feels like the floodgates are
opening, right? the dam is starting to
crack and more and more is leaking out
and then again this media form of like
free speech is allowing more and more to
get exposed and making it harder and
harder to lie to the American people.
Like the world is waking up in so many
ways. Yeah.
>> In so many ways. There's knowledge is
power and knowledge is more readily
available and at this point if you
aren't listening or learning you're
living under a rock. Yeah. Because it's
everywhere. There's so much
accessibility to learning about this
topic if you're fascinated by it.
>> I'm always amazed at how much content
you consume on the UFO front because
you're running a an amazing, you know,
uh, massive business and you're somehow
like also you're like, "Dude, I'm
watching your thing." Or Chris Rand,
you're watching his thing.
>> I love like yours, Chris Rogan, like
anything in that UFO space. if it's you,
Chris Rogan, Jeremy Corbel, and George
Knap, our other buddies. Like, I love
watching,
you know, and learning from what you
guys are exposing because y'all do a
great job of bringing the truth out. And
the OGs like Corbel and Nap with their
stuff, weaponized, like they've crushed
it. And that got me that got my beak wet
and got me like deeper down the rabbit
hole. And then hearing the uh Bob Lazar
on Rogan drug me even deeper. And then
finding your channel and Chris Ramsay's
channel has just like built upon this.
And now I feel like I have places to
stay in the know. Uh, and even a lot of
the news outlets now are covering this
more and more and more. Like who would
have ever thought you'd see the day
where major media outlets are covering
this phenomenon almost on a weekly
basis.
>> Yeah. You I mean you have Tulsi Gabbard
uh you know head of DNI direct director
of national intelligence. She in her
platform says, "I want to expose
information on on UAP UFOs." And I I've
spoken to her. I know you've spoken to
her. And she seems pretty, you know,
kind of kind of woke on the issue.
>> Yeah. She definitely seems open,
receptive, open-minded, and uh willing
to explore truth.
>> Yeah.
>> Which is that's all I think about
everything. Like why would you go into
anything with a preconceived notion?
That's not that's not inquisitive. Like
go in with an open mind. That's one
thing I love that Chris Ramsey does on
his. He'll he'll sit back and and it's
great for people who are very like uh
immediately skeptical because what he'll
say is
>> envision this is like an exercise. This
is just a thought exercise. Like I'd ask
you to go through the thought process
with me. We're just walking through and
methodically looking at these things.
I'm not telling you this is right. I'm
not. But let's set aside our
preconceived notions. come in with open
minds and open hearts and see where the
information takes us. And if you do that
across the spectrum of everything in
this UAP world, UFO world, alien,
whatever you want to call it,
>> there's a plethora of information that
starts to get pretty fascinating where
you go, man, yeah,
>> there is like
>> I don't have an answer,
>> but I have a lot more questions and I am
definitely a lot less decisive on the
topic that the more you learn, the less
you know, right? And that's like in
life, the more I begin to learn, even in
healthcare, the more you think you know
and the more you pull at the thread, the
more you realize there's a lot a lot of
unknown. More unknown than known.
Totally. And I with the UFO thing, I
think if you start with the foundation,
which is there's there's a there there,
you know, like there are things in the
sky we can't identify that repeatedly
show up around our most sensitive
nuclear sites. Like that's what I'm I'm
most confident I would hang my hat on
that
>> and then you can kind of build up from
there. Are there secret programs? Have
we been reverse engineering things? And
you go down obviously in probability as
you continue to go in your search. But
you build up this kind of
self-consistent ontology which is wholly
separate from the average person's. And
yeah, we might be merging into that
ontology over the next, you know, decade
or two. And it's uh it's time. It's
going to be exciting because I think
more and more is going to come out. You
know better than I do. But I just think
there's there's such a thirst for
knowledge right now and there's such a
free form of discussion that
>> with that it's going to come more and
more truth and more and more
transparency. Uh and then even
discoveries like discovery after
discovery after discovery, you know, and
our ability to see what else is out
there and our ability to have high-res
images of other planets and our ability
to gain soil samples and just knowledge
is power.
>> Yes. If if you were talking to somebody
out there who's struggling with some
chronic health issue or some, you know,
something they don't quite understand,
maybe they're going to a primary care
doctor that's just giving them kind of
conventional answers, treatments, you
know, take some Tylenol, some ibuprofen,
some, you know, proton pump inhibitor,
you know, whatever. Treat the surface
level thing with some, you know, pill.
>> What would you recommend to them?
I think if you I I mean I've said this,
if you eat the average American diet and
you go to the average American doctor,
don't be surprised when you get
diagnosed with the average American
chronic disease. If you really truly
care about your health, take solventry
and autonomy over your health.
Understand that nobody's going to do it
for you. You've got to take yourself out
of the rat race. And it doesn't have to
be waste well. There's hundreds of
clinics if not thousands throughout the
country that are doing proactive
predictive medicine using blood blood
work algorithm based medicine to drive
health span and go do a deep dive one
time.
>> You save the money, spend a little bit
of money to see to get a a glimpse into
what health care could be.
>> Yeah.
>> If you weren't caught in that ecosystem.
Well, it's so wild to me. They call it
functional health. Like it's some exotic
beast, you know? It's some like, you
know, weird esoteric thing that's like
hard to understand. It's just more
biomarkers. It's just more data. Like
like like obviously you're going to want
more in in what other industry would say
you're building, you know,
it's called because the existing system
sick care. This is healthare rather than
managing chronic disease. Because if
we're really truthful about what the
existing ecosystem is, it is built to
manage chronic disease, not prevent.
>> Yeah.
>> To manage. Y
>> and so if you want to prevent chronic
disease,
you've got to take yourself out of that
and put yourself in a health care
system. And a true health care system is
going to get proactive and predicted by
looking at your biomarkers and assessing
it. The cancer that you develop in your
40s manifested in his 30s. The diabetes
that you develop in your 30s manifested
in your in your 20s, right? Chronic
disease has leading indicators and we
can see those indicators and the more
diagnostic sets we have, the deeper diet
we can do and the more we can project
and prevent. So like a DEXA scan tells
us your visceral fat, your subcutaneous
fat, how much body fat you're storing.
You combine that with a V2 max. Now, we
know your lung capacity, your heart
health, your overall cardiovascular
conditioning. Combine that and layer it
with biomarkers, and we've got over 70
biomarkers that tell us where you're at
at the biological level, which is a
snapshot of you in time. Now, combine
that with multiple biomarkers. Now, tie
that into a wearable. Now, monitor your
deep sleep, your rim sleep, your heart
rate variability. Put all these data
sets together and allow large language
models like Allen to assess that. Now
cross reference that across a large
patient population of healthy
individuals, not sick individuals. And
right and the other problem with the
biomarkers in the primary care space is
they're comparing you to that sick fish
tank.
>> You're being compared against a a a a
tank of sick fish of other chronically
ill on four or more prescription
medicine Americans. That is not a
healthy patient population. Wow. So, we
narrow all those tolerances to where you
would have been as a healthy 20-year-old
prior to this chronic disease crisis and
our biomarker test is narrowed to that
niche. And so, I have a buddy who's in
Florida and he called me. He's like,
"You're going to love this, man. I
brought my blood work into my primary
care and I showed him and he goes,
"These tolerances are this is
ridiculous. This is way too strict.
Like, they're they're way this is you're
not low on this. You're not high on
that. You're not this. You're not Okay,
>> listen to that guy and see where you
go." Yeah.
>> Or listen to us and see where you go.
>> Well, they're treating you at the
failure mode margins of these things
where when they get like seriously in
the red, it's like too late. Yes. Like
what can you say?
>> And so if you can, you know, manage
these things ahead of time, predict
them, see around the corner, obviously
you'd want to do that. How do you, if
you're, you know, somebody in the
audience and you're kind of, you're
watching, you know, Gary Brea on a
podcast and he's like, it's all reduces
down to gene breaks which cause nutrient
deficiencies or you then you hear Brian
Johnson on the next podcast and he goes,
it's polyphenol rich olive oil and I'm
taking 120 things. How do you navigate
this new space of having a lot of
because some of these people are really
pushing the frontier of this stuff and
you have Huberman obviously
>> um but like it's a lot to make sense of
so like do you need to get tested
basically and do something
individualized or like how do you
navigate
>> the health podcast here? I mean there's
a lot there's a lot to digest even for
me there's a lot to digest and there's
areas that get more aggressive and more
fringe and then there's bread and butter
and so if we look at what the difference
is between a healthy happy centinarian
and somebody dies at the average
American life expectancy
the difference is the onset of chronic
disease and so let's just distill this
down to simple basic X's and O's
blocking and tackling okay so your goal
is to live to be a healthy happy
centinarian where you you play with your
grandkids in your 80s and 90s and you're
not in a bed for the last decade of your
life, then we've got to start with
preventing the onset of chronic disease
because the difference between somebody
dying at 70 something years old and
somebody living to that access or that
point is the onset of chronic disease.
That's the big difference. So if we can
delay the onset of chronic disease, then
we can indirectly if we can extend
health span, we can indirectly drive
lifespan. And my message to everyone is
I don't have all the answers, but I do
know if we can drive hell span, we can
extend lifespan. And if we can drive
hell span longer and delay chronic
disease, we can buy time for brilliant
minds like Dr. White to come up with the
next major invention, the next major
life-changing, lifealtering,
worldchanging idea. And I recommend we
buy time, right? We buy time through
getting proactive and predictive. Again,
I know I sound like a broken record, but
it's like
>> we start in your 20s, 30s, 40s, and 50s
monitoring all these things.
>> Now, we're approaching the decade of
decline, your 40s. It's known as the
decade of decline. In your 40s, the
average man ages 12 years biologically.
The average woman ages 17 years
biologically. Whoa.
>> Why?
>> It's because there's a precipitous
decline in all of our hormones. There's
also a precipitous decline in all of
these bioavailable
uh necessary building blocks that we
were talking about with Dr. White,
right? Everything begins to diminish. If
we can bring all those levels up to
normal and maintain those levels at an
optimal biological level into your 40s,
50s, and 60s, we can indirectly stave
off the decline. And what do I mean? Can
we keep your lean muscle mass? Can we
keep your visceral fat down? Can we keep
your uh bone mineral density high? Can
we keep all those things? Because for a
woman who's petite over the age of 65,
one of her biggest risk factors is a
bone fracture.
>> Mhm.
>> Right. And so we are proactively
monitoring your bone mineral density
with a DEXA. We know what your average
bone mineral density decline will be if
you have your hormones decline. But if
we keep your hormones optimal and we
treat and get proactive and predictive,
we can prevent that bone mineral density
decline or slow it
>> and then at well some point in the
future hopefully reverse it, right? And
so that's my I know it it's a very
complicated way of saying
getting predictive and looking out for
these things we can stave off the things
that are going to kill us and we can buy
ourselves enough time for really really
smart people to innovate and come up
with new cutting edge modalities cures
uh whatever it may be there's so many
cutting edge things that are going to
come out especially with large language
models with artificial intelligence with
crisper with all the things that these
guy I mean we're bringing back
direwolves like imagine what we can do
with humanity in the decades to come if
we can keep you healthy.
>> Well, it feels like on the, you know, if
you have a Maslo's hierarchy of needs,
but for humanity, bring back a direwolf
would be at the very very top. And then
this stuff is just so fundamental. I
even say it to, you know, all my friends
in the
>> Maha movement like you, the the make
America healthy again thing. I'm always
like, it's it's the most important. It's
it's way more important. The UFO thing
is such a luxury, you know, compared to
how you feel every day. And so I hope I
I love that vision and I hope Ways to
Well continues to push it the frontier
as far as actual treatments, but also
making this stuff accessible to people
because I know that's part of the
vision, just making it as uh as scaled
as possible, but in a responsible way
and where the incentives are aligned
between uh patient and practitioner. So
I'm excited to see where you go.
>> I'm pumped. I'm excited for the future.
I'm telling you, we're just getting
started. There's so many things that
we're working on that I'm excited about
and uh and we'll do we'll have to have
you come back in and check it out so you
can see.
>> I'm so ready. I'm so ready and uh Yeah,
man. I appreciate everything you've
done. I feel so I feel great even today
and uh let's see let's see in six weeks.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Thank you for trusting us
and coming in, man.
>> Oh, no. I mean, thank you for having me,
man. It's It's been awesome and
everybody here is so cool and uh
couldn't recommend it enough.
>> I love it.
>> Alchemist, did you enjoy that? Well,
here's the thing. That episode was just
the tip of the iceberg. If you want the
full picture, head over to the American
Alchemy Magazine we just launched on
Substack. That's where we deep dive into
all sorts of crazy topics that we don't
have time to fit into every video with
weekly articles exploring all of the
strange, forgotten, and conspiratorial
corners of space, history, and high
weirdness. So, join up today at our free
or paid tiers on Substack. I am
including the full link in the
description of this video.